AiiDA plugin for interface with CASTEP
======================================

A plugin for using CASTEP in AiiDA. The plugin is OK for production but still under active development. A lot of the initial implementation was based on `aiida_quantumespresso`. CASTEP has a single binary executable and calculation is primiarily controled by the *task* keyword. The generic `CastepCalculation` should work with most tasks, at least in terms of generating input files.
Likewise a generic `CastepParser` class is implemented and can handle parsing most information we are interested in *singlepoint*, *geometryoptimisation*, *bandstructure/spectral* tasks. Things such as parsing output from *phonon* calculation has not been implemented so far - I have very little experience with phonon calculations.

Highlights of avaliable functionalities:
* Storing usp/recopt as `UspData` (sub-class of `SingleFileData`) in aiida database and create/use of pseudo family group
* Store OTFG generating strings are `OTFGData` in aiida database. Create of family/group are also supoorted. OTFG library (such as "C19") are represented as a OTFG string works for all elements.
* Preparation of CASTEP input files. Writing cell and parameters files are both supported. Tags in *positions_abs* block file should work, e.g *LABEL*, *SPIN*, *MIXTURE*.
* Parsing energy, force, stress from output .castep file and .geom file
* Checking errors in .param and .cell files before submitting
* Extra KpointData input node for BS, SEPCTRAL and PHONON task
* `create_restart` method for easy creation of continuation/restart calculations. Input can be altered using `param_update` and `param_delete` keyword arguments. Automatic copying/linking of check files via AiiDA.
* `get_castep_inputs` method to get a summary of inputs of a calculations
* `compare_with` method to compare two calculations, based on outputs from `get_castep_inputs`

TODOS
-----

* All the `helper` to be used/bypassed  without keywords generated by castep binary
* Write (better) documentations
* Methods for importing existing calculations. 
* At the moment there is no enforcement on the type in `ParameterData` input node. For example, setting *smearing_width* to 0.1 and "0.1" is equivalent, but they will store differently in the database.
* Customized file retrieve list with different *task* keywords.
* WorkChain development for automated restart of calculations. (Waitting for AiiDA 1.0.0)

How to test
-----------

Use `verdi -p <test_profile> devel tests db.castep` to do tests.
